1)      What is a safe empty state? Could you define a safe empty state that
 differs from the empty state that you defined?
ANSWER:
the safe empty state means the default state,which has to be set to the values ,
if user'd input was invalid.
i used 0 ,however for the workshop we could use any random character or number,
except for alphabet character for char arrays and for intiger numbers.I still
 believe that 0 is the best suitable value,but it could be any value ,which 
would beoutside of the specified range for years,months and days values

2)      Identify the parts of your source code where to minimized code 
duplication.

ANSWER:
 validate name and destination.validate date so I use function validstring 
and function validdate to minimized code

3)      The canTravelWith(...) member function accesses the private data 
of the object referenced in its parameter. Explain why C++ allows this access.
ANSWER:
the canTravelWith() can accesses the private data because he is the public data
then in c++ members of class can access to the private data

4)      What statement did you add to ensure that the strncpy(...)
 function exe-cutes correctly?
ANSWER:
I added a null terminator after using strncpy(...).

5)      Explain what you have learned in this workshop.
ANSWE:
I've learnt to not trust VS and to empty my char arrays. As well, I've learnt
how to use strcmp, cause I haven't used it before; how to overload constructors
 and set empty state for the validation purposes. Still learning to comment everything
I code. And I've learnt to not forget to input "const" to query functions,which
don't modify data.

				QUIZZ4REFLECTION

[1] A constructor that accepts __ZERO__ parameters is called the default constructor.  1

[2] Write  two operators that cannot be overloaded

ANSWER:   OPERATOR(::) AND OPERATOR (.)

[3] If we define a constructor with some parameters, we typically 
also have to define a no-argument default constructor .
 
ANSWER:TRUE

[4] Find the output?
ANSWE: Main Started

[5] Find the output
ANSWER:ERROR
